This guy is an upgraded version of Miss Mu
Not only familiar with Mojiaquan
Physical strength is far beyond ordinary people
How do you fight this?
Miss Meng, what's the matter?
This move
So familiar
What's so familiar about this?
Isn't it just a cheap trick?
This is the trick
Miss Du
The opponent your father failed to defeat 10 years ago
You Now
Can you win?
Mr. Mu's move
The martial arts world has been unable to break through for so many years
Could it be that
Is Kinoshita really going to lose?
No.
Is there still a chance?
There is still a chance
Although it is now in a dead end
But Wushuang still has a chance
This time, Peerless must overcome life
You mean yes.
Now break the game
Only heaven and man are united